possible game J please
HQ with you boy we're gonna win thousand
dollars in the next round all 12
questions
[Music]
Charlie Brown and Charlie's friend for
the rest 1000 plus territory French
French Stewart were French Cypress the
North American I'm talking about still
part of my European country French
Stewart is about as French as Paris
Hilton respect for third Rock from the
Sun though Cypress has been ruled by the
French but located on the northeast
coast of South America French Guiana
remains a territory of France and it has
been since the 1600 6,000
I can't show your phone number okay all
right
[Music]
[Applause]
but
[Music]
a rolling out a full spread or cutaway
collar for the rest of you that was way
harsh
[Music]
worldwide worldwide
you can always won again come back
tonight 9:00 p.m. Eastern Time HQ is
live